Israel has carried out an air strike on
the Lebanese capital bayout in what it
says was a targeted move against a
commander of the militant Group hezb
which is backed by Iran the strike
happened in a heavily builtup
neighborhood one woman was killed and
emergency services are still looking for
survivors Israel blames Hezbollah for an
attack last weekend in the Israeli
occupied Golan Heights during which 12
young children died the group denies
involvement from Lebanon here's
correspondent quainton
Somerville Israel's response came just
before Sunset a drone attack three
strikes on a building in beut southern
suburb of
daa the explosions could be heard across
the city an attack that Lebanon has been
bracing itself against for
[Music]
days the target a hisbah commander
Israel blames for the attack on Maj Del
Shams in the occupied Golan Heights
Emergency Services here are still
working to rescue the injured at least
one woman died and dozens have been left
wounded it's not known if the commander
was
killed this is the building that was
struck by an Israeli drone we believe uh
three rockets hit the building as you
can see this is quite a heavily built up
civilian area but Israel says it had the
Hezbollah Commander it holds responsible
for the maal Shan's attack in its sights
reports about whether he actually made
it out alive but we do know there's been
at least one woman killed and a number
of people uh injured here tonight uh
this area of Southern beu was the same
area in which a Hamas official was
targeted and killed by Israel back in
January this year the big question now
though is what comes next because Israel
has said its response would be severe
and it said it would take a number of
days so this strike tonight here in
Beirut may not be the end of it
a new footage has emerged tonight of
Saturday's attack in the Golan children
playing quietly then an air raid siren
there was no time to take
cover it left 12 Dead all children and
young adults watching a nearby football
match Hezbollah which has fired
thousands of rockets and missiles into
Israel in the last 10 months denies it
was behind the attack the Iranian backed
group stands shoulder toosh shoulder
with Hamas but it's far better armed and
its Fighters more
formidable the conflict here was mainly
contained to border areas and Military
targets the unwritten rules of this
almost War but Saturday's attack on the
Golan on civilians has pushed Lebanon
and Israel to the brink the United
States and others have been working to
contain
things how Hezbollah responds to
tonight's assassination attempt and what
Israel does next next will determine
whether War here is inevitable Quenton
Somerville BBC News
Beirut well the White House says that an
allout war between Israel and Hezbollah
is not inevitable but as you heard there
there are widespread fears of an
escalation our correspondent Paul Adams
is in Jerusalem for us now and Paul
what's your assessment of the situation
tonight look Rita this was clearly a
very Target
attack Israel didn't just lash out after
the events of the weekend it took 3 days
to pick a Target and then went after
that Target it's also quite noticeable
that they have not issued any changes in
terms of the home front instructions to
civilians uh no indication that the
there is an anticipated uh significant
Hezbollah response that is interesting
uh Israeli officials are quoted as
saying that the ball is now in
hezbollah's court I think the Israelis
are convinced that this has been
successful in fact in the last few
minutes they've issued a statement
saying that they do indeed believe uh
that F chuker their intended target is
dead in fact the statement gives a long
account of his history of involvement in
attacks against Israel stretching way
back into the
1990s so I think they feel that this uh
was a very very deliberate very precise
strike Israeli officials have been
saying as Quint mentioned that Israel's
response would be tough but that it
could go on for some days so it may not
be an end of the matter and obviously
Israeli officials who've been meeting
late tonight will be very keen to see
what the response is I should just point
out one other development which is that
there have been explosions that have
targeted pro-iranian Shiite militias in
Iraq to tonight now we don't know who
was behind those attacks uh possibly the
United States possibly Israel but when I
spoke to a senior Israeli military
official over the weekend about Israel's
likely response he did point out he was
at pains to point out that that all of
this could be traced back to Iran